Tcl Bean
RCS: @(#) $Id: README_tclbean,v 1.1 1998/10/14 21:09:07 cvsadmin Exp $
 
1. Introduction
---------------

The current release of Jacl and Tcl Blend are shipped with a Java Bean
built for Java Studio, the Tcl Bean.  With the Tcl Bean, Java Studio
developers can create new components for Java Studio directly with
Tcl.  Java Studio users can use the new components directly without
ever knowing that the components are written in Tcl.  

The Tcl Bean contains new commands to access Java Studio features from
Tcl.  One command creates Java Studio ports and defines the port's
interaction with other components.  Another command defines the
callback executed when a message is received.  The Tcl bean, like all Java
Studio components, implements a Customizer for setting component
properties.  However, a user-defined Customizer can be created
directly from Tcl, overriding the default Customizer.  This interface
to Java Studio makes it is possible to mimic almost any component
using the interfaces provided by Tcl Bean.

2. Documentation
----------------

The Tcl Bean has help files available from the Tcl Bean Customizer.
The Customizer is displayed whenever a Tcl Bean is created in Java
Studio.  From the Customizer window, press the "Help" button.  A
hyperlinked Help file browser will pop up, giving you access to
documentation on the Tcl Bean.

3. Requirements
---------------

Java Studio 1.0 and the Java Development Kit version 1.1.  The Tcl
Bean works with either Jacl or Tcl Blend.  See the corresponding
README files for additional requirements of Jacl or Tcl Blend.

4. Installation
---------------

Follow the instructions in the TCLBEAN_INSTALL.txt file located in
this directory.

5. License Agreement
---------------------

See the file "license.terms" for information on usage and 
redistribution of this file, and for a DISCLAIMER OF ALL WARRANTIES.

6. Contact Information
----------------------

Tcl Bean 1.0 was released by the now defunct SunScript group at Sun Labs.
the majority of the Jacl/Tcl Blend developers spun out of Sun Labs
into Scriptics.

Tcl Bean 1.1 has not been particularly well tested, and we are considering
dropping it from future releases.

7. Tcl newsgroup
----------------

There is a network news group "comp.lang.tcl" intended for the exchange
of information about Tcl, Tk, and related applications.  You should
use this newsgroup to ask questions, give bug reports, or post fixes
for Jacl & Tcl Blend.   The developers of Jacl & Tcl Blend as well as
many avid users of Tcl Blend & Jacl use comp.lang.tcl as a forum.

8. Support and bug fixes
------------------------

Unfortunately, we cannot offer direct technical support for Jacl and
Tcl Blend.  We prefer that you send bug reports and fixes to the
comp.lang.tcl newsgroup rather than to any one individually.  We'll see
anything on comp.lang.tcl, and in addition, someone else who reads
comp.lang.tcl may be able to offer a solution.

When reporting bugs, please provide a short Tcl script that we can use
to reproduce the bug.  Make sure that the script runs with bare-bones
Tcl and doesn't depend on any extensions or other programs,
particularly those that exist only at your site.  Also, please include
five additional pieces of information with the script:
    (a) How do we use the script to make the problem happen (e.g.
	what things do we click on, in what order)?
    (b) What happens when you do these things (presumably this is
        undesirable)?
    (c) What did you expect to happen instead?
    (d) What platform are you running on (Machine, OS, etc.)?
    (e) What releases of Tcl products are you using?

Bugs related to Java Studio should be submitted to SunSoft directly
via the Web at "http://sunservice.sun.com/studio".

The Jacl & Tcl Blend team
-------------------------

Ray Johnson - Project Manager
Melissa Hirschl
Ioi Lam
Bryan Surles
Special thanks to Scott Stanton who implemented Tcl Blend.
